Restructure tutorial (#474)
LLNL/blt: docs/tutorial/host_configs.rst

.. # Copyright (c) 2017-2021, Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC and
.. # other BLT Project Developers. See the top-level LICENSE file for details
.. # 
.. # SPDX-License-Identifier: (BSD-3-Clause)

.. _HostConfigs:

Host-configs
============

> To capture (and revision control) build options, third party library paths, etc.,

Author: Centralized from other places here.

we recommend using CMake's initial-cache file mechanism. This feature allows you
to pass a file to CMake that provides variables to bootstrap the configuration
process. 

You can pass initial-cache files to cmake via the ``-C`` command line option.

.. code-block:: bash

    cmake -C config_file.cmake

We call these initial-cache files ``host-config`` files since we typically create
a file for each platform or for specific hosts, if necessary. 

These files use standard CMake commands. CMake ``set()`` commands need to specify
``CACHE`` as follows:

.. code-block:: cmake

    set(CMAKE_VARIABLE_NAME {VALUE} CACHE PATH "")

Here is a snippet from a host-config file that specifies compiler details for

> using gcc 4.9.3 on LLNL's Pascal cluster. 

Reviewer: Minor: The fact that this is `gcc@4.9.3` is not apparent from the included code since it just uses `/usr/tce/bin/gcc`.
Should we change it as follows:
```suggestion
using a custom gcc (`gcc@4.9.3`) on the LLNL Pascal cluster. 
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../host-configs/llnl/toss_3_x86_64_ib/gcc@4.9.3_nvcc.cmake
   :start-after: _blt_tutorial_compiler_config_start
   :end-before:  _blt_tutorial_compiler_config_end
   :language: cmake

Building and Testing on Pascal
------------------------------

> Here is how you can use the host-config file to configure a build of the ``calc_pi``  project with MPI and CUDA enabled on Pascal:

Reviewer: We might want to mention that Pascal has GPUs.
E.g.
```suggestion
Since compute nodes on the Pascal cluster have CPUs and GPUs, here is how you can use the host-config file to configure a build of the ``calc_pi``  project with MPI and CUDA enabled on Pascal:
```
